hi hi
hi hi hi hi
my god Hey and hello sprayers wherever
you are welcome back to
this channel Of course to watch
a steady film story being left by
a life partner forever
must be very painful feelings.
Longing to want to meet will
always come  haunting feelings
but maybe one day we will be
met by someone who can
treat the pain and longing for the
caress of selective affection entitled
My daughter's Friend tells the story
of a young man who experiences
loneliness due to
his wife's death and his son wanders
to the other side but  finally
someone came to his house and was able to
cure the feeling of longing and thirst for
caress.
his wife that day when he
was cleaning suddenly someone
came who turned out to be his
son named Enji who had just come
from out of town to study.
that's where they miss each other
and tell
each other's experiences while they don't meet one
says that he wants to go
abroad with his friends for a
vacation but it seems the child doesn't
want his father to go because he will
bring his friend home to
stay there for a while  who
doesn't seem to agree to accept the
arrival of his son's friend because he has
never received a guest to
stay at the house is tested also
persuades his father to accept
his friend and for the sake of his beloved daughter's happiness
his father also agrees
to his daughter's request Yoonji is happy He
then immediately goes out of the house
to tell the news  Huh, his friend
went back to that, one returned to
continue his cleaning which had been delayed
earlier, it was seen that the father still missed
his dead wife and
it seemed he missed the caress of a
woman suddenly Yoonji called him
to ask his father to come down because the
friend he was talking to at the
dinner table  Laonti has arrived and introduced him
to his son's friend,
Sooyoung. It can be seen from the look on Wonki's face that he is
astonished to see the beauty of his
son's friend, even though he is entertaining
his son's friend at the dining table
there, Wonki gets acquainted with
his son's friend while enjoying
a barbecue accompanied by
Sojo one.  trying to lighten the
mood so that his son's friend is
not awkward at home.
They are finally full and
drunk after drinking a lot of alcohol
, neunji then went to the toilet and
when his drunk friend left
suddenly approached
Wonki and  an hugged him while teasing a little
teasing suddenly came
back and suddenly his father was shocked
and released Siunong's arms Ponti also
asked his son to take his friend
to his room when Wonki fell asleep he was
approached by a smile to the room
wearing only underwear, a smile
slowly took off his clothes one by one
and it happened  the sexual relationship
between the two of them But it turned out to
be just a beautiful dream the father who
seemed very thirsty for a
woman's caress In the morning one and his son
enjoyed the breakfast made by
his son at that time one told his
son that his friend was very
similar to his wife
Hi Because that was yesterday for the first time
time wonki drank so much
Maybe he felt his wife's presence
back at the house
Hai finished eating one went to the
bathroom which turned out to be in it there was
Seon-young smiling at him and his
father failed to focus on the clothes he was wearing
Young smiled as usual  One
does his daily activities, namely
cleaning the house. Unyil, who is bored
with his novel, suddenly comes
to Wonki and he offers
to help Onki clean the house. He is
happy to accept the
help and he sits on the sofa watching the
behavior of his son's friend.
with his wife who
usually does the cleaning when
he is relaxing watching TV on the sofa
and usually they make out with each other.
Short story Wonki
walks out while breathing
fresh air at that moment he sees a
man who comes to his house who
seems to be Siunong's girlfriend.
who is also a friend of eonje, the
three of them then enter and it looks
like this man hasn't
seen his girlfriend for a long time even though he
then also goes in to greet the man
earlier.
Hai invites him to
enter Sooyoung's room.
lamin between the
two of them from outside the one who from the
start was suspicious with a perverted
attitude the man had been eavesdropping on ena's activities
from outside the room that night
wonki couldn't seem to sleep
his mind seemed to be mixed
between longing for his wife
mixed with a sense of sagne for shinyoung
he too then  went down to the dining table to
enjoy a can of beer hoping that it
would help him to sleep
Si Um came from upstairs then he
invited me to drink because he
also happened to not be able to sleep at that time
but suddenly Xeon came from
upstairs which caused Wonki to
cancel his intention  to drink with
shinyoung because Maybe he doesn't
like Shin's boyfriend
here who is angry with his girlfriend
because he shouldn't come down and
makes wonhee awkward to drink
with him Sewon replied that he was only
worried that if a smile drank together with
Wangki something would happen later
the delicious one  - it was good that there was a
fight between the two of them which
resulted in Sooyoung's leg accidentally
spraining the next day because
Sooyoung's leg was still sore from spraining
yesterday the three of them who originally
planned to go together were forced
to go alone and leave
Seon-young at home so they could be treated
by the monkeys both of them  went and
wonki brought the results to the room to
do more in-depth treatment at this time the
depth of the treatment
wonki gave to the point that he took care of the other parts of
the body until they
both had 6 faces but in
the middle of the
peak Binahong One suddenly looked like
getting a whisper from an angel who made him
realize that what he
was doing was a sin that
is strictly prohibited by religion. He also
stopped his tongue-in-cheek with Shin
Young and also closed
Seon-young's clothes again while
the mg&co trip
stopped.  revealed that he was
jealous of seeing Seo Won and
Seo In Young's intimacy at his house, the land crocodile
took out his demonic speak stance
to calm Enji,
which in the end they both had
sex in the car and returned
to wakey-wakey's house trying to
drown out his Binahong in the car.  In the bathroom,
but cloves, who felt that his activities
had been
absurd, approached Wonki to the bathroom and again
invited him to continue
their delayed activities, finally
the angel's whispers disappeared from
Wonki's head and he was tempted by the temptation of
Siunong Kenji and Xeon finished their
battle first than
with Won Ki and Shin Young they
both went home
with remnants of their magic earlier
when they arrived inside Angie did not see
them both in the living room she was suspicious
then she went up to the floor
Hai slowly He opened the bathroom door
and a smile came out of the
bathroom  alone with
me  wearing a bathing suit and even though he
came out of his room
pretending to be sleepy as if he had
just woken up Wangki and
Sooyoung could only laugh after being able to
outsmart LG but Kenji still
had suspicious feelings towards onkey
and also seon-young he went to check
the draft novel written by shinyoung
in his notebook and the writing
tells the love story of siyong
with monkey which means it could
be that the story is based on a
true story with monkey to further
strengthen his suspicions neunji
pretended to say goodbye to his father
to go out of town and he
left siunong  at home for a
while and finally
Angie's suspicions were answered when that night
she saw her father and Sooyoung
doing 4646 She then caught them
both and there was an argument
between Angie and Sooyoung who got
emotional and strangled the LG One who
felt that his son was in danger
then took  took a pot and then
hit a smile with the pot,
finally the smile died in the monkey's hands
and the film ended with a
very unclear ending. Frankly, I
myself was confused by the storyline of
this film, but after I thought about it again
I just remembered that this is an
evil film  -Seek which may only be focused
on the excess, the
positive message that might be taken from
this negative film is Don't
leave our friends alone
at home, especially if our friends are of the
opposite sex from our parents because
this can lead to an
unwanted disobedience.
a lesson if
our legs are sprained maybe in the form of
place 6 can be one solution
to cure the pain like what was
done in this film I say goodbye and I'll
see you in the next Bibah stories
Hi Ho